Oh right.
So one more video on decorator's.
This will be a quick one and I believe it will be the last one unless I come back in the future and
add something else.
But for now it is the last one and I'm actually not going to type code.
This is actually code that I found online on stack overflow and I thought it was a really good example
to demonstrate the power of decorators.
So what this does is it enforces types on you know whatever function we defined so it looks like this
is called in force and I can pass in you know the string in an INT.
And this basically guarantees that this needs to be a string and this needs to be an int but not only
that it's also going to try to change this into a string if it's not.
And change this into an int.
So that's some more pythonic way of doing things is trying to kind of convert types and avoid problems
if possible if you can convert a float to an int and have it work.
That's great rather than freaking out that hey this float isn't the goal here for this decorator is
to do just that.
We specify whatever pattern we want.
String and string.
And then it's going to make sure that this is a string and whatever we pass in if it's not will be converted.
If it can.
This needs to be an int in this case it's not.
But it will be converted to an int and then this will be a string whatever the next thing is.
OK so here's how it works up here.
So we have in force and it takes an argument.
So this is where we have to use the kind of nested functions multiple nested functions.
So we have the decorator this is what's actually being returned on this line this entire function.
And inside we have this function called new phunk.
There's a note here just mentioned said args is not mutable.
If you don't remember that it's not it's a tuple.
So we're going to just make something called new ARGs that a for now.
And this is not necessarily the most efficient or the best implementation of this but I think it's pretty
nice and simple.
Then all we do is zip together args and types.
So that would look something like this.
With this example.
This is types right here is what we pass in to the decorator.
And this here is arx we pass in to the decorated function.
So when we sit them together it would be something like Hello comma string.
And then the next one would be.
What else was there.
String three comment.
OK.
So are zipping these two things together.
However many are in there.
And then for each pair in that result what we're going to do is append to new args so new args is an
empty list.
We're going to call.
We're going to try and cast each argument with the type.
So that means trying to cast hello as a string which works and we get hello.
Then the next one we try and cast three the string as an int which also works and gives us the integer
string.
So that makes sense what's happening to preparing them up.
They suffer the types that are specified here.
And then the actual arguments that were passed in repairing them up and then we're just casting each
one no matter what we could add a check in there to see hey is Hello already string.
And don't try and make it a string.
But instead this is just the simple version for demo purposes.
OK then we just return F which is you know whatever function we passed in but instead we're calling
it with new args which is this.
So we passed this in whereas the input was this.
So we went from this to that.
With this in force.
OK.
And if we tested out my little demo function here repeat message.
All it does is loop through a number of times you specify and then print a message that many times.
So I could do print Hello five times.
And if we run it we get hello five times.
That's nothing special.
But if this is a string now and we try it it still works even though without this in force we would
have a big problem because it tries to loop five string times which is a problem in the range the range
is not like a string.
OK.
And another quick demo.
We can do something like.
Divide and it just takes two numbers a and b and all that does is return a divided by B and all that
we want to check if we do it in force.
Is that both are we could just say float.
All right.
Because if we have an ant we can convert that to a float without losing data.
We could have said it on both of them.
But then if we pass in a float we would lose some data on it because it just chops off the end.
So instead let's call both floats they both have to be a float.
And now if I tried to call divide I guess let me print it out to be so it's clearer like this.
You could divide and if just test it out one and two should work and it does it now.
And those are both ends either way and we're forcing them to be folks.
And that works fine but if I do one comma for both strings it still works.
We get a float.
So convert some to flips.
OK.
So hopefully you think that's kind of cool.
If not.
Well I guess it does not that cool if you have any questions on how it works how they recommend you
just post a question and discussion board.
This kind of stuff gets very difficult to walk through on your own sometimes and you start to question
how things work when you have all these nested functions and three returns and I get it.
It gets crazy.
So if you have questions Postum and otherwise we're done at decorator's for now.